[Music]
you are not your age nor the size of
clothes you wear you are not a weight or
the color of your hair you are not your
name or the dimples in your cheeks you
are all the books you read and all the
words you speak you are your croaking
morning voice in the smiles you try to
hide your the sweetness in your laughter
and every tear you've cried your the
songs you sing so loudly when you know
you're all alone you're the places that
you've been to and the one that you call
home
you're the things that you believe in
and the people whom you love you're the
photos in your bedroom and the future
you dream of you're made of so much
beauty but it seems that you forgot when
you decided that you were defined by all
the things you're not
[Music]
do not stand at my grave and weep I am
NOT THERE I do not sleep I am A Thousand
winds that blow
I am the diamond glints on snow
I am the sunlight on ripened grain I am
the gentle autumn rain when you awaken
in the mornings hush I am the Swift
uplifting rush of quiet birds in circled
flight
I am the soft stars that shine at night
do not stand at my grave and cry I am
NOT there I did not die
[Music]